xbmc/cores/RetroPlayer/process/android      cores/RetroPlayer/process/android
xbmc/cores/VideoPlayer/Process/android      cores/VideoPlayer/Process/android
xbmc/input/touch                            input/touch
xbmc/input/touch/generic                    input/touch/generic
xbmc/media/decoderfilter                    media/decoderfilter
xbmc/platform/android                       platform/android
xbmc/platform/android/activity              platform/android/activity
xbmc/platform/android/bionic_supplement     platform/android/bionicsupplement
xbmc/platform/android/filesystem            platform/android/filesystem
xbmc/platform/android/media/decoderfilter   platform/android/media/decoderfilter
xbmc/platform/android/media/drm             platform/android/media/drm
xbmc/platform/android/network               platform/android/network
xbmc/platform/android/peripherals           platform/android/peripherals
xbmc/platform/android/powermanagement       platform/android/powermanagement
xbmc/platform/android/storage               platform/android/storage
xbmc/platform/android/utils                 platform/android/utils
xbmc/platform/linux/peripherals             platform/linux/peripherals
xbmc/platform/posix                         platform/posix
xbmc/platform/posix/filesystem              platform/posix/filesystem
xbmc/platform/posix/utils                   platform/posix/utils
xbmc/windowing/android                      windowing/android
