xbmc/games                         games
xbmc/games/addons                  games/addons
xbmc/games/addons/cheevos          games/addons/cheevos
xbmc/games/addons/input            games/addons/input
xbmc/games/addons/streams          games/addons/streams
xbmc/games/agents/input            games/agents/input
xbmc/games/agents/windows          games/agents/windows
xbmc/games/controllers             games/controllers
xbmc/games/controllers/dialogs     games/controllers/dialogs
xbmc/games/controllers/guicontrols games/controllers/guicontrols
xbmc/games/controllers/input       games/controllers/input
xbmc/games/controllers/listproviders games/controllers/listproviders
xbmc/games/controllers/types       games/controllers/types
xbmc/games/controllers/windows     games/controllers/windows
xbmc/games/dialogs                 games/dialogs
xbmc/games/dialogs/osd             games/dialogs/osd
xbmc/games/ports/guicontrols       games/ports/guicontrols
xbmc/games/ports/input             games/ports/input
xbmc/games/ports/types             games/ports/types
xbmc/games/ports/windows           games/ports/windows
xbmc/games/tags                    games/tags
xbmc/games/windows                 games/windows
