xbmc/input                                      input
xbmc/input/actions                              input/actions
xbmc/input/actions/interfaces                   input/actions/interfaces
xbmc/input/hardware                             input/hardware
xbmc/input/joysticks                            input/joysticks
xbmc/input/joysticks/dialogs                    input/joysticks/dialogs
xbmc/input/joysticks/generic                    input/joysticks/generic
xbmc/input/joysticks/interfaces                 input/joysticks/interfaces
xbmc/input/keyboard                             input/keyboard
xbmc/input/keyboard/generic                     input/keyboard/generic
xbmc/input/keyboard/interfaces                  input/keyboard/interfaces
xbmc/input/keymaps                              input/keymaps
xbmc/input/keymaps/generic                      input/keymaps/generic
xbmc/input/keymaps/interfaces                   input/keymaps/interfaces
xbmc/input/keymaps/joysticks                    input/keymaps/joysticks
xbmc/input/keymaps/keyboard                     input/keymaps/keyboard
xbmc/input/keymaps/remote                       input/keymaps/remote
xbmc/input/keymaps/touch                        input/keymaps/touch
xbmc/input/mouse                                input/mouse
xbmc/input/mouse/generic                        input/mouse/generic
xbmc/input/mouse/interfaces                     input/mouse/interfaces
xbmc/input/remote                               input/remote
