xbmc/cores/RetroPlayer/process/osx    cores/RetroPlayer/process/osx
xbmc/cores/VideoPlayer/Process/osx    cores/VideoPlayer/Process/osx
xbmc/platform/darwin                  platform/darwin
xbmc/platform/darwin/network          platform/darwin/network
xbmc/platform/darwin/speech           platform/darwin/speech
xbmc/platform/darwin/osx              platform/osx
xbmc/platform/darwin/osx/network      platform/darwin/osx/network
xbmc/platform/darwin/osx/peripherals  platform/osx/peripherals
xbmc/platform/darwin/osx/powermanagement platform/darwin/osx/powermanagement
xbmc/platform/darwin/osx/SDL          platform/osx/SDL
xbmc/platform/darwin/osx/storage      platform/osx/storage
xbmc/platform/darwin/peripherals      platform/darwin/peripherals
xbmc/platform/darwin/utils            platform/darwin/utils
xbmc/platform/posix                   posix
xbmc/platform/posix/filesystem        platform/posix/filesystem
xbmc/platform/posix/network           platform/posix/network
xbmc/platform/posix/storage/discs     platform/posix/storage/discs
xbmc/platform/posix/threads           platform/posix/threads
xbmc/platform/posix/utils             platform/posix/utils
xbmc/windowing/osx                    windowing/osx
xbmc/windowing/osx/OpenGL             windowing/osx/OpenGL
xbmc/windowing/osx/SDL                windowing/osx/SDL
